{
    "enemyNames": [
        "Armada",
        "Standard",
        "Buckshot",
        "Moving",
        "Splitter",
        "Kamikaze"
    ],
    "enemyDisplayNames": [
        "The Armada",
        "Worker",
        "Soldier",
        "Hunter",
        "Carrier",
        "Predator"
    ],
    "enemyTexts": [
        "Ah, The Armada. The pests of the void.  Hiding away in their strange iridium hives, ravaging any planets they deem inferior to their own, artificial worlds. Only those they wish to recruit are spared. An army of empty shells controlled from afar. I wonder if there are human faces behind their eyes... ",
        "Worker drones are always the armada's first wave of defense. Weak, expendable, but everywhere, workers show their strength in numbers. Even an experienced operator can be overrun by a dozen of these drones, or worse, overrun by too many projectiles. Thus, they should always be priority targets to reduce the number of enemy threats as soon as possible.",
        "These drones are the armada's internal guard force, sent in once a higher threat has been identified. Soldiers have specialized armaments that shoot large collections of projectiles at a time, making them a harder challenge to actively dodge. Operators must always be wary of soldiers, as they have higher defenses and take longer to take down compared to other enemy types.",
        "Hunter drones separate themselves from the armada forces with their agile movements while facing an opponent. Hunters will actively move back and forth while shooting bursts of condensed projectile patterns. Facing off against a squadron of hunters will require dexterity to actively dodge their offense, but with keen accuracy, they can be brought down as swiftly as they can enter the battlefield.",
        "An enemy only as strong as the sum of its parts. Alone, it may seem easy, but don't let the initial simplicity fool you.",
        "Predator text."
    ],
    "enemiesLocked": [
        false,
        false,
        false,
        false,
        false,
        false
    ],
    "lockedName": "Locked",
    "lockedText": "This entry has not been unlocked."
}